How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
When developing any program it should always be the main focus to create a program that is maintainable, readable, and adaptable. This is because others may need to work with your code and your program may need to be altered in the future. Databases are used everywhere in the world around us and having the ability to create a program that can quickly filter through many items quickly is important. I believe there will be many cases where I can take what I learned working with and developing the CRUD python module and utilize it to my advantage. 
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
As a computer scientist I find it important to start with a solid plan on how you want to attack whatever project it is that you are working on. This does not mean just jump into coding, take some time to understand what the challenges are and how you plan on attacking them. This is something every computer scientist must be good at. A computer scientist should look at every project they work on as a challenge to create something that will make our lives better. Working with the database in this course was different than my other courses up to this point. Creating a plan on how to attack each stage in this course was focused on in detail. The database we were given had over 10000 records so the challenge was finding a way to develop something that can quickly work with these records. What I learned doing this will always be considered when working with databases whether that be large or small. 
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists focus on solving problems and creating software that can process data more accurately, efficiently, and quicker than previous methods. Databases are use in the world all around us. The shows you watch on Netflix are stored in a database, the items you search on Amazon also. Some programs companies used do this more efficiently than others. Having the ability to understand the best way to create something to handle different types of databases would help any company it is being developed for. For a company like Amazon this could mean the loss of tons of sales. If Amazon was using a system that did not do a great job of matching the best items to a customer’s search query it could mean a loss of revenue. This is why it is so important to develop programs that can do this as efficiently as possible. 
